♪The whole world is lit up♪
♪Because you exist♪
♪You're always♪
♪Somewhere close, flying with me♪
♪Go to where the wind blows♪
♪Hold tight♪
♪To the ray of light that belongs to us♪
=Wild & Fiery=
=Episode 14=
No matter where I am,
can you always find me?
I'll find you
and protect you.
Mu Zhiyu,
my phone has been ringing nonstop
with calls from the board
early this morning.
Do you know what you did last night?
Stop beating around the bush.
I'm not in the mood for nonsense.
Last night, you and Shen Jibai
were photographed
drunk and behaving improperly.
This has greatly affected Mu Group.
The board
wants an explanation from you.
That's my private matter.
There's no need for me
to explain it for you.
You're now the heiress of Mu Group.
Your every move
represents the company.
Do you understand?
Are you done?
If you're done, please leave.
Since you don't appreciate it,
you can explain it
to the board yourself.
(WeChat)
(Boss,)
(are you really together with Mu Zhiyu?)
(When did that happen?)
(How come I knew nothing about it?)
(What nonsense are you talking about?)
(Yan Muqing)
Nothing happened between us last night.
Someone framed us.
Go investigate
who took those photos.
They're together all the time.
It's normal if they're dating.
Who would've thought Ms. Mu
would fall for a bodyguard?
I'll find out
who took your photo last night.
Who took the photos isn't important.
We both know
who the mastermind behind is.
Xu Mingzhu came to see me last night.
She already knows what's in the will.
The reason she did all this
is to force us into getting married.
Xu Mingzhu is so eager for me to marry.
What is she planning?
The inheritance.
Why did Xu Mingzhu
ask you to keep an eye on me?
She wants the password
to a bank safety deposit box.
(If I want to deal with Xu Mingzhu,)
(I must obtain the inheritance.)
(But according to the will,)
(I have to get married first.)
(And I don't even have
someone to marry.)
(Maybe he could be a suitable choice.)
What about you?
Do you want to marry me?
Marriage isn't child's play.
You must consider it carefully.
It's too early for us to discuss this.
What I mean
is a fake marriage.
No!
I won't allow that!
Yu,
if you want a fake husband,
why not choose me?
We know each other well.
His approach to you
is suspicious.
Don't be fooled by him.
Mr. He,
watch your words.
Without evidence,
don't make baseless accusations.
I'll definitely catch you
with something someday.
Let's begin.
A lot has been going on
at the company recently.
The chairman passed away suddenly.
As the acting president,
I should return the company shares
and management rights
to the chairman's only daughter, Zhiyu.
However, before his death,
the chairman still had
an unfinished wish.
It was written into his will.
Zhiyu
must fulfill the chairman's wish
before inheriting everything.
My dad did make some requests
in his will.
But that doesn't stop me
from taking over the company.
The chairman's greatest wish
was for you to marry
and have a child soon.
Before that happens,
I can help share some of the company's
responsibilities.
Ms. Xu, what you mean is
that until I fulfill my dad's wish,
Mu Group will still be run by you?
I certainly hope you can take over soon.
But the chairman's last wish
must be respected.
Marriage is a major life decision.
I can't make such a choice lightly.
Isn't Zhiyu
already dating someone recently?
- Right.
- That might not be appropriate.
I don't think that's a good idea.
What about the company's image?
There are no plans to get married
at the moment.
Then I'll wait until your relationship
becomes stable.
As long as you two get engaged,
I'll step down
and hand over the company to you
with peace of mind.
Ms. Xu,
you've thought everything through.
(Once you two get married,)
(I can quickly seize the inheritance.)
Zhiyu,
is the person you're dating
the bodyguard who appeared
in the news today?
This is personal.
I don't think
I need to report it to you.
But you represent
the company's image now.
You can't choose
your partner carelessly.
Not to mention that a bodyguard's status
is far below yours.
As a bodyguard,
being involved with his employer
violates professional ethics.
Yes.
Right.
How can she date a bodyguard?
As long as Zhiyu likes him,
I support it.
Besides, Captain Shen has saved her
more than once.
Their relationship
isn't for outsiders to judge.
(Xu Mingzhu,)
(you're really doing everything you can
to shove us together.)
Yu,
I've been waiting for you.
What's the matter?
Where's Shen Jibai?
I was about to talk to you about him.
I found out that he fought
in illegal boxing matches overseas.
Look.
This is the evidence.
I already knew
about that.
Yu,
you should stay away from him.
Are you finished?
If you're done, please leave.
Yu,
I know you're in
a difficult situation now.
You have to marry someone
to obtain the inheritance.
But once two people marry,
many things become complicated.
Shen Jibai is not trustworthy.
Don't let him deceive you.
He Min,
I know you mean well.
But I have
my own judgment.
Yu,
I would do anything
for you.
Can you give me a chance?
I don't want to hold you back.
You shouldn't waste your time on me.
Then why him, but not me?
Because I see you as my best friend.
I don't want anything to change
between us.
Friends?
Can we only ever be friends?
Boss, the test report is out.
I've already asked a courier
to deliver it to you.
It should arrive very soon.
Alright.
Hello?
Are you Shen Jibai?
Yes.
Your parcel.
Thank you.
(Test Result)
(Conclusion: Mu Chenzhou is confirmed
to be Shen Jibai's biological father)
(Mu Chenzhou is
my biological father?)
(Mu Chenzhou is confirmed
to be Shen Jibai's biological father)
(The man who just died
for unknown reason was my real father.)
(Then Mu Zhiyu...)
(We're siblings.)
(No.)
(Impossible.)
(I don't believe it.)
(I need to keep digging.)
(I have to find out the truth
about our relationship.)
♪Light comes beaming in♪
♪Landing on my skin♪
♪Warms the space you left behind♪
♪Shadows move around♪
♪Awake, racing thoughts♪
♪Try to keep the memories safe♪
♪Don't slip away♪
♪I'm all yours, all yours♪